HOTEL RESERVATION SYSTEM
by Hanna Vasiutina and Vitalii Naumov


The system contains the main functionality for hotel management operations.
It allows developers to implement such operations as:
  * room operations:
      - adding and removing rooms to database,
      - searching for free rooms with the given parameters;
  * reservation operations:
      - creating the reservation,
      - searching for the reservation,
      - obtaining information on the given reservation,
      - removing the reservation;
  * guest operations:
      - obtaining information on guests.

The listed operations are implemented as public methods of the Hotel class,
implemented as a singleton.
To run the system, the instance of the Hotel class should be created.


1. Room operations

Information on the hotel rooms could be loaded from csv-file.
Also, rooms could be created as instances of the RoomInformation class,
and saved to csv-file.
There two types of rooms are supported: standard room and lux room (they
are instantiated as objects of the StandardRoom and LuxRoom, correspondingly).
The room prices are differentiated with the help of decorator classes,
representing early reservation discount, discount for regular clients,
and seasonal discount.
For the given parameters (the room capacities), the search of free (not reserved)
rooms could be performed.

2. Reservation operations

The hotel room reservation is being created with the help of the
ReservationInformation class. The instance of this class contains information
on the reservation period and the list of rooms capacities to be reserved.
The reservation period should be presented as an instance of the
ReservationPeriod class, which uses java.time.LocalDate in order to locate
data on the beginning and the end of the period.
The Hotel class contains methods implementing the procedures of the reservation
search, obtaining the reservation data, and removing the reservation. Only the
system users with the administrator privileges could cancel the reservation.
There are two types of the hotel system users foreseen: the guest and the
administrator (they are implemented in the Guest and the Administrator classes,
which inherit the Client abstract class).

3. Guest operations

The Hotel class contains the methods allowing users to obtain information on
the hotel guests: the getGuests method returns the list of users, which have
the "guest" type (excluding administrators), and the showGuests method prints
out the information to the console.


The example of the described functionality use is presented in the Main class,
as well as in the provided tests.
As it was mentioned above, the proposed implementation of the hotel reservation
system uses two design patterns: Singleton and Decorator.